[fix] Add the link to Github Rules in README.md (#134)
automl/Auto-PyTorch: README.md

## Contributing

If you want to contribute to Auto-PyTorch, clone the repository and checkout our current development branch.

```sh
$ git checkout refactor_development
```

Note that you should follow the [Github Rules](https://github.com/automl/Auto-PyTorch/wiki/Github-Rules) for smooth communication.

## Examples

> For a detailed tutorial, please refer to the Jupyter Notebook in https://github.com/automl/Auto-PyTorch/tree/master/examples/basics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a detailed tutorial, please refer to the Jupyter Notebook in https://github.com/automl/Auto-PyTorch/tree/refactor_development/examples.
```
